Update git integrations page instructions/screenshots (#1687)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/git-integrations/zeit-now-for-bitbucket.mdx

### Connecting with Bitbucket

> Link your Bitbucket and ZEIT Now account from your dashboard by clicking ["Import Project"](/import) followed by ["From Git Repository"](/import/git). Then, click the "Bitbucket" tab and click "Connect with Bitbucket".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Link your Bitbucket account with your personal account or team on ZEIT Now from your dashboard by clicking ["Import Project"](/import) followed by ["From Git Repository"](/import/git). Then, click the "Bitbucket" tab and click "Connect with Bitbucket".
```

<Image
  src={`${process.env.ASSETS}/docs/git-integrations/connect-bitbucket.png`}
  width={966 / 2}
  height={612 / 2}
  shadow
  borderRadius
/>
<Caption>ZEIT Now for Bitbucket, ready to connect.</Caption>

> Once you have authorized the Bitbucket integration, you will redirect back to the "Import Git Repository" page where you can import a project from an existing repository by clicking the "Import Project from Bitbucket" button under the "Bitbucket" tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have authorized the Bitbucket integration, you will be redirected back to the "Import Git Repository" page where you can import a project from an existing repository by clicking the "Import Project from Bitbucket" button under the "Bitbucket" tab.
```
